Grandpa, our pharmaceutical factory still has medicine at the base.
We're not going bankrupt, are we?
Please join forces with Master Wu to suppress the dragon vein again
Ningbo is full of hunters
Just us.
Looks like I'm the only one waiting
Ye Huan, open your eyes and take a good look
Let's see what is called Martial Dao Supreme
Humph
Ah, good, five production appearances
Romanzl
What's wrong with you?
Fortunately, my eldest elder is there
All problems will be solved
Don't be happy. Cold wheat is your death this year
Grandpa, can they really turn the tide?
This persistence will avoid disaster
It's just that by then Ye Huan will be liquidated
Oh, what a pity.
A generation of pride will fall
It's a pity that Ye Huan's is too big
In front of thousands of lives
He still keeps his proud head
This this
What is that?
How could this be?
The five mistakes of humans can't even be done with their hands?
Is Nanjing really going to be completely overturned?